well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
John Bolton the book the contradiction
that is John Bolton and a lot of
people's minds right now because they
just don't understand and how he may
have rendered the impeachment irrelevant
and a lot of ways a lot of people right
now are confused by John Bolton because
if you don't believe the same things
that he does his actions don't make any
sense
John Bolton to a lot of people is a very
bad actor he's somebody who's done a lot
of harm over the years see John Bolton
is a true believer my read on him he's a
very consistent person in his actions he
believes in American dominance an
American might in protecting the
American Way of life and he believes
truly believes that he's doing that he's
a true believer and as we've talked
about in other videos true believers are
the most dangerous people on the planet
because they can rationalize anything a
lot of people are confused by his resume
which is colorful to say the least some
of the things he's accused of pale in
comparison to some minor unethical stuff
and Ukraine I mean when you compare the
two you're like hmm why would he not
want to be involved in that it's because
by my read he doesn't care about the
fact that it was unethical he cares
about the fact that it undermined US
national security and this is the part
of the impeachment that I don't think is
getting enough attention Trump's actions
endangered US national security
when the Soviet Union started looking
shaky plans were drawn up now this is in
the 80s there were a lot of people who
sat in on these meetings one of them
would be John Bolton the idea was that
when Warsaw Pact dissolved that's their
version of NATO when the soviets
alliance fail the US would pick up all
those Eastern European countries bring
them into the fold why and then he makes
sense
if the Soviet threat is gone why do we
want these Eastern European countries on
our side as a buffer as a buffer zone
it's really what they were there for the
Soviet threat was gone but that did not
mean that Russia would not really of
course they would their massive country
they're going to be an extremely
powerful opposing force and if your
interest in the thing you truly believe
in is American dominance you want to be
prepared for that so you pick up all of
these Eastern European countries
basically to use them as a buffer in
case a conventional land war kicked off
in Europe and that buffer would protect
the countries we actually care about if
you live in one of those countries sorry
that was plan those countries would slow
the Russians down long enough for us to
respond
it's the idea so what would undermine
that what would undermine the illusion
that we actually care about these
nations withholding military aid while
they're fighting would be at the top of
the list especially if it was over
something minor some domestic squabble
in the u.s. getting dirt on a political
rival that if you are a true believer in
somebody whose sole mission in life is
guaranteeing American dominance that
would probably be pretty disheartening
john bolton is very
person he could probably justify
anything in pursuit of American
dominance because to him that's
protecting you and I not not my take on
it but that's his so it should come as
no surprise that he was willing to
disclose this and will continue
disclosing this over and over again so
how did this impact the impeachment john
bolton is nothing if he is not
meticulous there's not gonna be anything
in that book that is not 100% verifiable
there's just not my understanding is
that there are dozens of pages devoted
to this incident dozens of pages so the
republican senators they don't want
witnesses why would you this is that if
this is the testimony you're gonna get
objection judge roberts this is
devastating to my case you wouldn't want
these people talking it would just
secure Trump's conviction so you want to
vote against it and hopefully keep quiet
but now news of the book is out and that
book will be published between now and
the election if you're a Republican
senator you have to realize that more
than likely Trump is done
Trump is done as this comes out it's
done he's gone
so you have to ask whether or not you
want to go with it vote against the
witnesses and your Democratic opponent
in the next election will get to point
out that you either are an idiot or you
sold out your country and put party over
principle put party over your country
but it puts them in a hard spot if I was
a Democratic strategist I would make
them take the vote but not care how it
turns out because if they vote against
it and they don't allow witnesses odds
are they're just handing the Senate to
the Democrats in 2020 if they vote to
allow the witnesses
well at least they did their part yeah
they may have to vote to convict Trump
but is Trump the Republican Party you've
put your party over principles it
appears is one person worth destroying
the entire party that's the question
they have to ask this book will come out
between now and the election and it will
be talked about constantly and those
Republicans who went to the wall went to
the mat did everything they could to
fight for Trump are going to look
horrible
this confirms everything doesn't it it
was all political he withheld military
aid from an ally to get dirt on a
domestic political rival undermine US
national security destroyed a
decades-long strategy because he was
afraid he couldn't beat Biden that
doesn't inspire a lot of confidence in
and of itself so you don't have to think
john bolton is a good guy i know right
now there's a lot of people just really
confused by that he's not I mean by by
the standards that most people have who
are watching this channel no he's not
but he's internally consistent outside
looking in
he's been consistent since the 80s this
really shouldn't have been a surprise
but anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night I hope some of y'all
caught the skeleton back there because I
spent way too long looking for that to
give you all a 5-second laughs anyway
y'all have a good night